GraphQL quickstart (#123)
spiceai/quickstarts: graphql/README.md

# GraphQL Data Connector

Follow these steps to get started with GraphQL as a Data Connector.

> With quickstart uses Github's GraphQL API as an example.

Reviewer: Quickstarts are separate from samples.  The scenario we are unlocking with quickstarts is: If you already have a graphql API you'd like to use with spice, you can use this to quickly get started.

Reviewer: So we can make this example a sample.  And I like the idea.  So lets move this to samples and make a proper quickstart.

**Step 1** Generate a personal access token from Github. Follow the instructions [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token).

**Step 2** Edit the `spicepod.yaml` file in this directory and replace `[auth_token]` with the personal access token generated in step 1.

Follow the [quickstart guide](https://docs.spiceai.org/getting-started) to get started with the Spice.ai runtime.

See the [datasets reference](https://docs.spiceai.org/reference/spicepod/datasets) for more dataset configuration options.

> To securely store your Clickhouse password, see [Secret Stores](https://docs.spiceai.org/secret-stores)

Author: Ops

> To securely store your Clickhouse password, see [Secret Stores](https://docs.spiceai.org/secret-stores)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To securely store your GraphQL API password, see [Secret Stores](https://docs.spiceai.org/secret-stores)
```
